# Linguist
A desktop language learning software

The system aids students of similar demographics to the group (university students) with learning a foreign language. They are designed to help users learn/revise useful words they have come across in their studies in a number of ways. We tried to also take into account potential users such as adult learners and teachers.
It enables each student to maintain a custom dictionary of source words and translations that the students provide. The dictionary is able to be searched through, and words added/removed by the student. The dictionary also contains an example phrase where the user has first encountered the world being added.
The system is capable of providing students with personalised drills based on their personal dictionaries. A drill consists of the system giving the user a word, which they have to respond with the translation of that word, in either linguistic direction. The drills track weakness/strengths of each student by recording whether the user got the translation correct or not. This metric of how well the user has learned each word is also visible in the dictionary. The personalised drills reflect past drills, if it looks like the user has learnt a certain word then its frequency is reduced to reflect this in the drills.
The system should also provide a suite of games for users to play to help learn the words. They should be designed to be “fun”, for example a hangman or word search type game. Drills could include the more specifics of languages such as verb conjugations and declinations of words.
The system is able to support languages with different alphabets, for example Chinese characters and there are specific functionalities from the system to drill for these, and to include them in games.
The games/drills are able to be played from any language to any language, although at first the system will be developed with just a single language pairing in mind (most likely English to German or French). There are some method of adding new languages, which the system can use for drills/games and keep a dictionary for.
